##Tech4Good Launch event

Thursday March 23rd 2017 at The Energy Hub (Bristol Energy) 

https://www.meetup.com/Tech4Good-Bristol/events/237201191/

It's the #Tech4Good Bristol launch!

Tech4Good Bristol is a free quarterly event for people who are interested in using digital technologies (web, mobile, data) for social good.

Whether you work or volunteer at a charity, community group or non-profit organization, are a programmer, a data geek, curious about tech, an individual with a great idea, or a social changemaker, Tech4Good Bristol is here to help you make connections and create a community around innovating for good in Bristol and the surrounding area.

These events are great opportunities to learn what others are trying, see successful projects and platforms, hear about developing technologies, make new friends and collaborate on new projects.

For our launch event we will have a short welcome, followed by 4 short "lightning" talks of 5 minutes each with 5 minutes Q&A - to give you an idea of the types of subjects that future events can cover. After the lightning talks we will have our "Community Shout Outs" section, where anyone can spread the word about a project, tool, app, or idea and connect with others who are interested in learning more about it. We'll have the Community Shout Outs at every event and it will be followed by free time to chat, mingle and discuss ideas generated by the event subjects and shout outs.

We have been very kindly sponsored by Ketl who are providing refreshments for this special launch event. We'd also like to thank Bristol Energy Company for supplying the space in which to hold our launch.

Looking forward to seeing you there!

@t4gbristol

Timings:

6pm Arrive

6:15pm Intro

6:20pm Lightning Talks:

* Creating Success: Positive partnership tips for Probono projects! 
* 5 lessons for non-profits from the social media toolkit 
* Tech for refugees: the Bristol Refugee Hackday 
* Opening up grant-making - 360giving's GrantNav

7pm Community Shout Outs & Free Chat Time 
